gets in big trouble with the mafia.
joins the army to save their aging father in medieval China.
tries to take down the top flute player in the band.
travels through time to save the world.
battles a swarm of radioactive mutants.
tries to break the record for baking the worlds largest pizza.
accidentally starts WWIII.
fights a gang of bullies at school.
hunts for bigfoot.
must stop a child mayor from bankrupting their hometown.
competes in fast and furious illegal street racing.
becomes trapped in a dangerous video game.
tries to solve a mystery deep under the Pacific Ocean.
discoves a terrible secret about their own family.
goes on the run in New Zealand bush country.
incites a rebellion in an oppressed insane asylum.
tries to escape from hell.
battles addition to prescription drugs.
makes a deal with the devil.
competes in a deadly reality TV competition.
tries to save as many people as possible from Nazis in WWII.
goes on a terrible drug trip during a family reunion.
struggles to adjust to civilian life after returning from the war.
crashes their plane in the Canadian wilderness.
mustr transport a dangerou criminal across a war-torn city.
struggles to raise a family in the Wild West.
goes undercover in the world of hip-hop culture.
tries to save the world from zombie apocalypse.
in an awkward teenage romance.
tries to stop a ferry boat from sinking.
invents a gadget that will change the world.
robs a bank to get themselves out of debt.
throws the greatest house part ever!
throws a bachelor/ette party that goes terribly wrong.
is mistakenly sent to heaven.
leads a deadly rescue mission on Mt. Everest.
gets kidnapped by malevolent sock puppets.
races around the world in a hot air balloon.
explores a dangerous alien planet.
tries to escape an island full of hungry dinosaurs.
seeks their fortune during the Alaskan Gold Rush.
has a steamy affair with ____. / (Draw a random character card)
teaches poor kids to read.
falls for a dangerous femme fatale.
tries to disarm a series of devilish traps. 
embarks on the first human colonization mission to another galaxy.
gets lots in the Amazon jungle.
must finish a dangerous supernatural board game to survive.
searches for enlightenment in the far corners of the earth.
is the only witness to a mafia killing.
pilots a giant robot to save the world from monsters
goes undercover as a flamenco dancer to hide from the mob.
tries to save their family from kidnappers.
struggles with the bleaj reality of life in the big city. 
races to the stop detonation of a biological weapon in New York City.
leads a rebellion against a totalitarian regime.
trapped on Mt. Everest during a deadly storm.
will do anything for fame on a reality TV show.
discovers a hidden island full of mythical creatures.
tries to scam their way to fame in Hollywood.
hosts the worlds worst houseguest.
makes contact with dangerous aliens.
goes on a quest to slay a dragon.
hunts for elves in a mysterious foest.
goes on the run to escape deadly assassins. 
searches for the cure of a deadly plague.
hunts and is hunted by a deadly serial killer.
is kidnapped by terrorists!
is accidentally elected president of the United States. 
treks across a dangerous desert to save their friends.
gets trapped in the body of a bear.
embarks on an epic journey to destroy an evil magical artifact. 
only has one month to complete their bucket list.
competes against the rich kid team in a heartwarming underdog story.
fights to thwart an ancient and unstoppable evil.
outwits gangsters and cops in a seris of death-defyin car chases.
goes on a made quest to kill the whale that ate their dog.
stranded on a lifeboat with ____. / (draw a random character card)
discovers a dangerous secret at a popular new theme park.
on a quest for a treasure that will save the kingdom.
must stop their evil twin from ruining thier life!
become a vigilante to rid their city of crime.
gets an exciting new job working for ____. / (Draw a random character card)
steals from the rich and gives to the poor and becomes a local legend.
attempts a desperate escape from Seaworld.
will do whatever it takes to become a world-famous chef.
fights in bloody gladiator death matches.
fights for the ultimate boxing title.
discovers the mythical city of El Dorado.
competes in a deadly underground martial arts tournament.
tries to steal the Declaration of Independence.
inhertis an evil doll.
fights to stop an evil AI from destroying humanity.
faces a difficult choice between love and money.
receives an unexpected message from God. 
leads the rescue mission for a missing child.
wins big at a casino and becomes the target of the mafia.
tries to capture a giant ape on a mysterious island.
fights a huge angry bear.
battles corruption in the greeting card industry.
on a deadly white-water rafting trip.
fights in a boxing match against their ultimate rival: ____ / (Draw a random character card)
building a rocketship to escape a dying planet.
accidentally joins a cult on their first day in college.
involved in a complicated love triangle.
leads a slave rebellion in ancient Rome.
fights against evil robots that look like people.
discovers the fountain of youth.
flees from a tribe of cannibals.
in a series of romantic misadventues.
falls madly in love with ____. / (Draw a random character card)
discovers a map leading to a legendary treasure hoard.
on a quest to discover Atlantis.
fights to save a rare and mysterious animal from poachers.
plots to escape a retirement home in Florida. 
attempts to rescue hostages from a skyscraper.
tries to steal the worlds largest diamond.
fights to take down a dangerous cult.
struggles to being their best friend back from the dead.
competes on a cooking game show to pay for their mom's medical bills.
matches wits against a wily leprechaun.
struggles to survive after a deadly shipwreck.
gets trapped overnight in a haunted asylum.
discovers a conspiracy of lizard people in the government.
has just two hours to find a huge amount of money for a dangerous mobster.
must protect their small village from a horde of bandits.
leads a ragtag crew of pirates against the British Navy. 
is abducted by aliens!
makes a selfish wish in a demonic wishing well.
haunted by tge angry ghost of ____. / (Draw random characte card)
searchs for peace in a dangerous radioactive wasteland.
is stranded on a desert island.
tries to save a family of Bigfoots from a deadly wildfire.
struggles to write the next great American novel.
fights to save their family from demonic possession.
will do whatever is takes to save the local library.
struggles to rebuild their community after a devestating hurricane.
accidentally becomes the Pope.
falls in love with a merperson.
tries to escape from the sinking city of Atlantis.
becomes worshipped as gods by a primitive culture.
battles an evil possessed book in a bookstore.
trapped in a dark version of our own reality.
goes for gold in Olympic figure skating.
must win enough money at the talent show to pay for their grandma's surgery.
searchs for a stolen nuclear bomb.
goes on a dangerous ocean voyage.
tries to save their small beach town from a monstrous seal.
is held hostage at a kareoke bar run by monbsters.
discovers the secret world of modern wizards.
fights a supernatural killer clown.
goes on a quest for the Holy Grail.
goes back in time to kill Hitler.
protecting the world's last unicorn from an evil cosmetics company.
fless from natural disaster in a near-future apocalypse.
leanrs that they are heir to the throw on an ancient kingdom.
disocvering the true origins of Santa Claus. 
steals a magical treasure from a dangerous witch.
navigates the secret world of modern vampires. 
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose the plot of your favourite video game. Your movie is an adaptation of that plot.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose a plot previously pitched by another player. Your movie us a broadway adaptation of their idea.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose a plot previously pitched by another player. Your movie is a hilarious spoof of their idea.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose the plot to your favourite movie. Your movie is a gritty reboot of that idea.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose the plot to your favourite book. Your movie is an adaptation of that book.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose a plot previously pitched. Your movie is a gritty reboot of their idea.
FRANCHISE PITCH: Choose the plot of your favourite movie. This is another sequel to that movie.


